Fang Chen, my father is here
And the two inside have to die
Cancel Yunyan Nengben, young master?
Ah ah ah stop
Ma Yuan's bastard
You actually bullied my son in front of me
Somebody call me
You say adults
Why did you slap me?
What a big dog gall
It's like falling into a plane and being smashed by cannons
Kumagasino
Didn't you just want to help people vent their anger?
Hey, sir, are you kidding me?
I came here on purpose to help you vent your anger
Could it be that this kid is the boss of the Heaven Palace?
Lord Yufeng
I don't know Tarzan
Calm down, calm down
Roll the dog
From today onwards
Your Dragon Tiger Gate is famous from this Long Kuai City.
What about the two adults?
I was wrong.
What is he doing fat?
So many of us killed him
Ah!
Why are you hitting me, Dad?